Credits and Movelist for the Complete* HKakashi by Tyler



-Credits-

Kakashi ripped by Nemu with slight edits by myself
Kakashi intro/reading sprites ripped by Alejo with slight edits by myself
Kakashi Lose, Dash, Air Kunai Slash, Bunshin Rendan, and Shiruken Throw ripped by myself
Shiruken Throw Fixes by l2agnarok
Reading sprites, upward bunshin kick, kawarimi/smoke, Reading kick, Sennen Goroshi, and Mangekyou Sharingan ripped by Neimad 
log sprites ripped by _dimps_
Nindogs ripped by ZombieXD
Raikiri effects from Cyanide's Sasuke
Exploding Tag effects, kunai, and shirukens ripped by Naruto[NU]
Suiton: Suiryudan no Jutsu ripped by deekman
Suiton: Daibakufu no Jutsu ripped by myself



-Movelist-

Basics:
	a - Punch
	b - Summon Large Nindog
	x - Shiruken Throw
	y - Kick and Slash
	D+a - Bunshin Attack I
	D+x - Read/Gather Chakra
	D+b - Summon Pa-kun
	D+y - Bunshin Attack II
	Jump+a - Summon Nindog
	Jump+b - Normal Kunai Throw
	Jump+x - Kunai Throw up
	Jump+y - Air Kunai Slash

Combos:  
	ComboI - a, y
	ComboII - D+y, a, y
	ComboIII - x, x

Specials:
	Kawarimi ( Costs 200 chakra ) - c while hit
	Kawarimi with Exploding Tag ( Costs 500 chakra ) - z while hit
	Sennen Goroshi ( Costs 750 chakra ) - D, F, c
	Summon two Nindogs ( Costs 1000 chakra ) - D, F, z
	Hatake Kakashi Rendan ( Costs 1250 chakra ) - F, D, z
	Suiton: Suiryudan no Jutsu ( Costs 1500 chakra ) - D, B, c
	Suiton: Daibakufu no Jutsu ( Costs 2000 chakra ) - D, D, c
	Raikiri ( Costs 3000 chakra ) - D, B, z
	Mangekyou Sharingan** ( Costs 4000 chakra ) - D, D, z

Leftovers:
	Kick away while Reading/Gathering Chakra - c while Reading/Gathering Chakra



-Updates since BETA version-

New basics:
Shuriken Throws
Reading/Gathering Chakra
Kunai Jump Slash
Dash added
Kick while Reading/Gathering Chakra

New specials:
Sennen Goroshi
Hatake Kakashi Rendan
Suiton: Suiryudan no Jutsu
Suiton: Daibakufu no Jutsu

Fixes/Tweaks/Upgrades:
4 Levels of Chakra to accommodate for all the specials
Remastered Sounds
Added Dub sounds ( EKakashi.snd )
Tweaked Mangekyou Sharingan for better control ( No longer unblockable though )
Summon Two Dogs now a TargetBind so opponent doesn't slide
Mangekyou Sharingan's chakra requirement increased
Raikiri's chakra requirement increased along with it's power
Some attacks decreased in power
New Smoke Effects



-FAQ-

Q: Why are you still using the Saikyou Ninja Daikesshuu Raikiri effects?
A: I personally like them better than the Jump series' effects.

Q: Why didn't you add the special where Kakashi summons all the dogs to attack?
A: I was going to but I did not want to change the large dog's sprites with Jumps'
   version so I left that special out because then there would be two different styles
   for the large dog.

Q: Why didn't you add a double Raikiri special?
A: From what I've seen it's only a defence against powerful Ninjutsu attacks. May be
   added in future updates if he uses it again offensively. That and when I stop 
   being lazy long enough to make some sprites of it ^_^

Q: Why didn't you add -insert name- jutsu?
A: I like to keep my character's canon so if he hasn't done it in the manga I won't add
   it. That or I plan on adding it in a future release.

Q: Why did you add the Hatake Kakashi Rendan if you like to keep it canon?
A: Got me there, truth is I had those extra sprites that I didn't know
   what to do with but I didn't want them to go to waste so the Hatake Kakashi Rendan
   was born!

Q: Can I use any coding, editted sprites, or sounds from your Kakashi?
A: Yes, of course. Though credit would be nice ^_^


Extra information:

		*Though stated as complete there will be updates in the 
		 future with new specials. Though all bugs should be fixed.
		 Also when I get the time, the reversed side of Kakashi will  
		 be added as the "second palette".
		   

		**Since in the manga Kakashi seems to have a problem
                  aiming this attack I made it slow. You have five 
                  seconds to lock on before the strain causes Kakashi
                  to lose concentration and it goes off before the 
                  target is locked on. Aim using the direction pad, 
                  when locked on press start to trigger the attack. If 
                  you are hit while aiming you lose concentration and 
                  it goes off early as well. Basically a super risky 
                  attack though because of this it can do massive 
                  damage.


